📝 Add warning about lifecycle events with `AsyncClient` (#4167)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/advanced/async-tests.md

!!! tip
    Note that we're using async/await with the new `AsyncClient` - the request is asynchronous.

!!! warning

>     If your application relies on events (i.e. `startup` or `shutdown`), HTTPx's `AsyncClient` won't trigger these events. To ensure your ASGI lifecycle events are triggered, you'll need to use an additional context manager, `LifespanManager` from [florimondmanca/asgi-lifespan](https://github.com/florimondmanca/asgi-lifespan#usage), when creating the `AsyncClient`. See [#2003](https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi/issues/2003#issuecomment-801140731) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your application relies on lifespan events, the `AsyncClient` won't trigger these events. To ensure they are triggered, use `LifespanManager` from [florimondmanca/asgi-lifespan](https://github.com/florimondmanca/asgi-lifespan#usage).
```
